Astro 8/8 release notes (#2663)
astronomer/docs: astro/audit-logs.md

Audit logs are retained for 90 days. Organization Owner permissions are required to export audit logs. 

> 1. In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, click **Organization Settings**, then click **General**.

Reviewer: "General" is the default view of Organization Settings that you land on (so you don't actually "click General").
```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, click **Organization Settings**. Audit Logs will be within the "General" page.
```
